Doc updates for README and Getting Started guide (#413)
aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints: docs/add-ons/index.md

# Kubernetes Addons Module

> The [`kubernetes-addons`](https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/tree/main/modules/kubernetes-addons) module within EKS Blueprints allows you to configure the add-ons you would like deployed into you EKS cluster with simple **true/false** flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`kubernetes-addons`](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/add-ons/) module within EKS Blueprints allows you to configure the add-ons you would like deployed into you EKS cluster with simple **true/false** flags.
```

| [Fargate Fluent Bit](../add-ons/fargate-fluent-bit.md) | Adds Fluent Bit support for EKS Fargate |
| [Karpenter](../add-ons/karpenter.md) | Deploys Karpenter into an EKS cluster. |
| [Keda](../add-ons/keda.md) | Deploys Keda into an EKS cluster. |

> | [Kube State Metrics](../add-ons/kube-state-metrics.md) | Deploys Kube State Metrics into an EKS cluster. |

Reviewer: We don't have this addon 
```suggestion
```

> | [Kubernetes Dashboard](../add-ons/kubernetes-dashboard.md) | Deploys Kubernetes Dashboard into an EKS cluster. |

Reviewer: ### `ToDo` 
We'll need to align https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/tree/main/docs/add-ons with what we have in https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/tree/main/modules/kubernetes-addons and use the full URL doc link instead of relative in this file

Author: Done.

```hcl

> module "eks-blueprints-kubernetes-addons" {

Reviewer 2: we can change the module names to use underscore (`_`) instead of hyphen (`-`) as a best practise and be consistent with TF standards. This might need changing in many other places as well
